Added link to original showcase (#9)
Particular/MassTransitShowcaseDemo: README.md

# MassTransitShowcaseDemo

> A MassTransit version of the [NServiceBus ShowCase](https://docs.particular.net/samples/showcase/on-premises/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A MassTransit version of the [NServiceBus Monitoring Demo](https://github.com/Particular/MonitoringDemo/)
```
